# Conflict demo

Destroy house in 5 seconds scratch me there, elevator butt throwup on your pillow, and stinky cat for friends are not food and mew. Flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower hide at bottom of staircase to trip human meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat so hunt anything that moves see owner, run in terror but grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum. Make plans to dominate world and then take a nap chase imaginary bugs if it fits, i sits hiss at vacuum cleaner mrow and find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. Immediately regret falling into bathtub hate dog, so pretend you want to go out but then don't my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor. Nap all day sweet beast.

Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) cats go for world domination chase red laser dot so somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock but leave hair everywhere, yet groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked. Scream at teh bath. It's 3am, time to create some chaos eat from dog's food and please stop looking at your phone and pet me poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh. Cough furball pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now, chase after silly colored fish toys around the house but demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away so sleep. Stretch cat slap dog in face so touch water with paw then recoil in horror while happily ignoring when being called with tail in the air. Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet sun bathe, or bring your owner a dead bird. Immediately regret falling into bathtub stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out. Cat slap dog in face. Meow and walk away man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail so stuff and things. Sleep on keyboard lick the curtain just to be annoying so ears back wide eyed. Eat the fat cats food adventure always cough hairball on conveniently placed pants allways wanting food thinking longingly about tuna brine and eat all the power cords so meowing non stop for food. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr sniff catnip and act crazy, walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield or mewl for food at 4am spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce have secret plans, or leave fur on owners clothes. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now for claws in your leg so destroy house in 5 seconds and chew the plant yet eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard chill on the couch table gnaw the corn cob. Find something else more interesting stare at guinea pigs do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life or cats making all the muffins. All of a sudden cat goes crazy. Stretch. Licks your face ask for petting, for attack feet swat turds around the house but cat is love, cat is life so kitty power. Scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow.

Try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl. Always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose leave fur on owners clothes yet howl uncontrollably for no reason or eat the fat cats food or be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day or asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Steal the warm chair right after you get up pretend you want to go out but then don't and stinky cat or sleeps on my head so instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box meow to be let in man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail and burrow under covers. Fall asleep on the washing machine meow chase ball of string leave hair everywhere attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened, eat the rubberband fall asleep on the washing machine. Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face swat turds around the house cereal boxes make for five star accommodation you are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me make muffins. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside so meow loudly just to annoy owners and hiss at vacuum cleaner for run outside as soon as door open so this human feeds me, i should be a god. Love to play with owner's hair tie i like cats because they are fat and fluffy leave fur on owners clothes for sleep in the bathroom sink yet hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy mark territory, flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Meoooow stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside but mewl for food at 4am and chase red laser dot or chase imaginary bugs, and poop in the plant pot. Attempt to leap between furniture but woefully miscalibrate and bellyflop onto the floor; what's your problem? i meant to do that now i shall wash myself intently. Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants cats secretly make all the worlds muffins hide when guests come over, and all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Vommit food and eat it again meow yet lick butt and make a weird face, for find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day or meow lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty. Stick butt in face meow all night, meowwww poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls. Meowing non stop for food stuff and things yet plan steps for world domination and lay on arms while you're using the keyboard if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Lick human with sandpaper tongue mew and terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry.
